Nit: Motivation: nixos.org not confusing (#6)
nix-rfc-canonical-domain/rfcs: rfcs/1000-canonical-domain.md

# Motivation
[motivation]: #motivation

> - `nixos.org` is incongruent since it's not just about NixOS.

Reviewer: I do like your suggested wording though!

```suggestion
- The domain name nixos.org is not a close match for the website, which is about nix in general and not just about NixOS in particular
```
